Texts with same length:
- 1 and 20
- 2 and 13
- 9 and 11

Answers:
01.txt:
hey alex, you've got to stop reusing that one time pad. the students are onto us. let's switch to a stronger cipher. david

11.txt:
I'm making chocolate chip cookies, possibly the greatest dessert of all time. I had a lot of work to do, and I'm very proud of my chocolate chip cookie. 
I really wanted a cookie with a crispy edge, a chewy, gooey center, and the right balance between the butterschotchy flavors from vanilla and brown sugar and all the chocolate mix in.

I like using two different kinds of chocolate. I like to fold in milk chocolate and dark chocolate. Chopping some of the chocolate so you get big pieces and then like little smaller bits
folded in. And very importantly, browing the butter. I like the mix of milk and dark chocolates, because for me, too much dark chocolate is too intense and I don't enjoy it. 

Ingredients: butter, two large eggs, a little baking soda, two tablespoons heavy cream, kosher salt, vanilla extract, granulated sugar, dark brown sugar, all purpose flour, then milk
chocolate and dark chocolate baking discs.

16.txt
Over the last few years, the game has really suffered from player power creep. As a consecuence of trying to make compelling content, each expansion we release either gives players
more axes on which to improve their character, more effective skills to use, or ways to craft better and more powerful items. Measuring from closed beta to now, this expansion is our
30th release. The amount of power creep varies per release of course, with systems like classes providing what, like 20? 30? 40 power creep at once. Like with compound interest, it would
only take 8 more player power per expansion from new items, crafting, character systems, item accuisition opportunities and new skills for player power to grow tenfold since the game
has been out. And tenfold is roughly what we measure the increase in player power to be. We may nerf the most outofhand cases every launch, but we're only reducing them back to close to 
the new baseline.